In this video we will learn how to create a single product.
So let's dive in straight.
So right here you want to tap in router and get
this time.
We are finding by the documents object ID instead of just find one it is we are using find by ID again
we passed that requires that parents ID to search a single product.
This mongs operation will only return a single product.
It behaves this one.
Exactly like find one would only be given the ID of the product.
Then we populate two attributes category and owner.
Finally if there is an error we show a message you no product.
Not fun else we return the product object.
Let us test it out and let's test it out on postman.
So here you have those 30 to cross product of the product and then so this retreated from one of these
products right.
So it is good and get from these products.
The King
this is not this is not a this is one copy it here did get
there you have it.
Success in this video we learn how to use another mongoose operation which is the same as find one specifically
for searching the object id of the product in the next video we will create a main product API that
will behave the seen as categories ID.
I'll see you guys in the next video.